In order to provide our Services (as defined below) through our apps, services, features, software, or website, we need to obtain your express agreement to our Terms of Service ("Terms"). You agree to our Terms by registering, installing, accessing, or using our apps, services, features, software, or website.
Our Services

If you live in a country in the European Economic Area (which includes the European Union), and any other included country or territory (collectively referred to as the "European Region"), WhatsApp Ireland Limited provides the services described below to you; if you live in any other country except those in the European Region, it is WhatsApp Inc. (collectively, "WhatsApp," "our," "we," or "us") that provides the services described below to you (collectively, "Services"):

    Privacy And Security Principles. Since we started WhatsApp, we've built our Services with strong privacy and security principles in mind.

    Connecting You With Other People. We provide ways for you to communicate with other WhatsApp users including through messages, voice and video calls, sending images and video, showing your status, and sharing your location with others when you choose. We may provide a convenient platform that enables you to send and receive money to or from other users across our platform. WhatsApp works with partners, service providers, and affiliated companies to help us provide ways for you to connect with their services. We use the information we receive from them to help operate, provide, and improve our Services.

    Ways To Improve Our Services. We analyze how you make use of WhatsApp, in order to improve all aspects of our Services described here, including helping businesses who use WhatsApp measure the effectiveness and distribution of their services and messages. WhatsApp uses the information it has and also works with partners, service providers, and affiliated companies to do this.

    Communicating With Businesses. We provide ways for you and third parties, like businesses, to communicate with each other using WhatsApp, such as through order, transaction, and appointment information, delivery and shipping notifications, product and service updates, and marketing. Messages you may receive containing marketing could include an offer for something that might interest you. We do not want you to have a spammy experience; as with all of your messages, you can manage these communications, and we will honor the choices you make.

    Safety And Security. We work to protect the safety and security of WhatsApp by appropriately dealing with abusive people and activity and violations of our Terms. We prohibit misuse of our Services, harmful conduct towards others, and violations of our Terms and policies, and address situations where we may be able to help support or protect our community. We develop automated systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive people and activity that may harm our community and the safety and security of our Services. If we learn of people or activity like this, we will take appropriate action by removing such people or activity or contacting law enforcement. We share information with other affiliated companies when we learn of misuse or harmful conduct by someone using our Services.

    Enabling Global Access To Our Services. To operate our global Service, we need to store and distribute content and information in data centers and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. This infrastructure may be owned or operated by our service providers or affiliated companies.

    Affiliated Companies. We are part of the Facebook Companies. As part of the Facebook Companies, WhatsApp receives information from, and shares information with, the Facebook Companies as described in WhatsApp's Privacy Policy. We use the information we receive from them to help operate, provide, and improve our Services. Learn more about the Facebook Companies and their terms and polices here.

NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: There are important differences between our Services and your mobile phone and a fixed-line telephone and SMS services. Our Services do not provide access to emergency services or emergency services providers, including the police, fire departments, or hospitals, or otherwise connect to public safety answering points. You should ensure you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile phone, a fixed-line telephone, or other service.
About Our Services

Registration. You must register for our Services using accurate information, provide your current mobile phone number, and, if you change it, update your mobile phone number using our in-app change number feature. You agree to receive text messages and phone calls (from us or our third-party providers) with codes to register for our Services.

Address Book. You provide us, all in accordance with applicable laws, the phone numbers of WhatsApp users and your other contacts in your mobile address book on a regular basis, including for both the users of our Services and your other contacts.

Age. If you live in a country in the European Region, you must be at least 16 years old to use our Services or such greater age required in your country to register for or use our Services. If you live in any other country except those in the European Region, you must be at least 13 years old to use our Services or such greater age required in your country to register for or use our Services. In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms on your behalf.

Devices And Software. You must provide certain devices, software, and data connections to use our Services, which we otherwise do not supply. In order to use our Services, you consent to manually or automatically download and install updates to our Services. You also consent to our sending you notifications via WhatsApp from time to time, as necessary to provide our Services to you.

Fees And Taxes. You are responsible for all carrier data plans, Internet fees, and other fees and taxes associated with your use of our Services.
Privacy Policy And User Data

WhatsApp cares about your privacy. WhatsApp's Privacy Policy describes our information (including message) practices, including the types of information we receive and collect from you, how we use and share this information, and your rights in relation to the processing of information about you. The Privacy Policy sets out the legal bases for our processing of personal information about you, including the collection, use, processing, and sharing of such information, as well as the transfer and processing of such information to the United States and other countries globally where we have or use facilities, service providers, affiliated companies, or partners, regardless of where you use our Services.
Acceptable Use Of Our Services